As a woman especially, stating my value used to terrify me. But the minute I started using my worth as a sword to lead with, I realize sitting in a cubicle staring at a screen saver of the place I SHOULD BE, wasn’t cutting it. I had a salary job at a prestigious office in Beverly Hills. A little over two years of faking sick to use my sick days, combining personal and vacation days, I knew it was time. I said goodbye to my stable salary, my reliable bi-weekly direct deposit, my full health and dental benefits, and the 30-something-year-olds “I’ve made it” signature item….my 401k with a 6% match. I know, I’m nuts. I sat there typing a letter to my boss. I really loved the company and my co-workers. This was nothing against them. Trying to explain that you feel trapped behind a desk while telling someone you love your job, but you love travel more, is a hard thing to do.

To many of my co-workers and friends, experiencing culture meant going to that authentic Indian restaurant on a Friday night and ordering something they couldn’t pronounce. That wouldn’t work for me. I wanted to take in the sights and sounds of Mumbai as I was whisked along the dirt roads in a Tuk-Tuk, have dinner in someone’s home and dance the night away at a chichi bar. My boss was a 60 year old man with values, who worked hard for everything he had and truly valued his employees. I felt bad. I felt guilty. He offered me more pay, more time off (from 7 paid vacation days to 9)….I needed 900 days. I had to say no. I couldn’t live with regrets. I would always be wondering how Paris would feel in October instead of printing reports in the stagnant air of the copy room. I wanted to breathe the air in Thailand while taking in the view of Phi Phi Island instead of the back of my coworker’s monitor.

I said goodbye that day (well my two weeks notice) and never looked back.
I had to find a way to make a living on the road, and our travel blog (my boyfriend at the time, now husband) had already gotten pretty popular, so we decided to make that our work as we traveled. Now, it’s not all fun and games. Travel blogging is endless hard work, disappointments, struggles, and obstacles that we’ve gone through and still are going through. Our parents still read the newspaper, don’t trust “the internet” and think travel is still reserved for the 1%. Try explaining travel blogging!